[AWSs3 Input] Handle unexpectedEOF errors (#42420)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- [Journald] Fixes handling of `journalctl` restart. A known symptom was broken multiline messages when there was a restart of journalctl while aggregating the lines. {issue}41331[41331] {pull}42595[42595]
- Fix entityanalytics activedirectory provider full sync use before initialization bug. {pull}42682[42682]
- In the `http_endpoint` input, fix the check for a missing HMAC HTTP header. {pull}42756[42756]

> - Handle unexpectedEOF errors in aws-s3 input. Implemented retry logic on specific error. {pull}42420[42756]

Reviewer: nit - could be better if we say 

```suggestion
- Handle unexpectedEOF error in aws-s3 input and enforce retrying using download failed error {pull}42420[42756]
```
